[ Woman ]
Previously on Sons of Anarchy.
- I thought we agreed
to meet alone.
- My son, Esai.
I don’t travel far from home
without family.
How would you like
to take over Sam Crow’s
gun business?
Their Irish gun supplier.
Part of an A.T.F. file
on the Sons.
You get Clay first.
Then you kill the rest.
I get Charming.
You get the gun intel.
Got to put down
a couple of dogs
making my life miserable.
- Just tell me who.
- Sam Crow boss.
And that greedy
cracker shithead.
Let me and my boys
do it.
Michael McKeevy.
Good soldier,
good friend.
Hear, hear.
- [ Gunshots ]
- [ Shouts ]
He’s hurt real bad.
We gotta get him back
to the clubhouse.
That A.T.F. agent–
I was with him.
It got violent.
I tried to end it.
He started stalking me.
No! No!
Not this way.
- [ Gunshot ]
- [ Groans ]
You stupid bitch!
You’re gonna patch him up.
He’ll do a few years
for assault.
Then he’s gonna be out,
and we do this again.
Once a biker slut always a–
[ Tara Screaming ]
[ Gasps ]
[ Vomiting ]
[ Panting ]
[ Sighs ]
Where is he?
- Relax.
- Don’t tell me to relax.
I called his cell phone
a dozen times,
Tara’s house, no answer.
[ Sighs ]
I can’t just sit here.
Hey.
Until we see
where this lands,
you stay put, understand?
- What if they got to him?
- Jax can take care
of himself, Gem.
I’ll take a ride
to the hospital.
See if he’s there.
I’ll go with you.
- Take care of my boys.
- Always.
Whew! You got your slugs
out of this guy’s ass.
The infection’s spreading.
- And he may even have sepsis.
- Just do the best you can,
all right?
[ Sighs ]
[ Chibs ]
Trying to find the damn slug.
[ Screams ]
[ Screaming ]
[ Doorbell Buzzes ]
[ Hayes Screaming ]
Unser at the back door.
[ Screaming Continues ]
Let him in.
Shut those doors.
Oh! My arse!
[ Screaming ]
Oh! My ass!
Keep him quiet.
Okay.
What could I do
for you, Chief?
I need to bring you down
to the station house,
ask a few questions.
Why? What happened?
Someone went after
Darby last night.
Killed one of his guys,
two women.
At his house, in Charming.
You think it was us?
I also found two dead Mayans
in a ditch off 18...
half a mile outside of town.
Last time I looked
at the scoreboard,
Nords and Mayans
were the away team.
Glad you’re rooting for
the home team, Chief.
I-I see you for a minute.
It’s okay, Gem.
It’s all good.
This ain’t funny at all.
Five D.B.’s.
Know what heat that brings?
[ Screaming ]
Jesus Christ.
[ Door Closes ]
Who the hell is that?
Friend.
With two bullets in his ass
that were meant for my head.
The Mayans
went after me too.
Goddamn it!
We didn’t have nothing
to do with Darby.
And the dead Mexicans
were the results of
their own stupidity.
But I made sure that
didn’t land in Charming.
Barely.
My office still
got the stink of A.T.F.
This body count’s gonna
bring that haughty bitch
circling back.
I need you to come with me.
All right?
Due process.
I got nothing to hide.
Hey, you do not go alone.
Hey, I think
I could keep him safe.
I’ll be all right.
You hold it together here.
- I’ll meet you down there.
- No.
You stay put.
[ Tig ]
Yeah. I’ll watch her.
Come on.
[ Screaming ]
Got it!
I got it. Got it!
One, two–
[ Screaming ]
Ah, Jesus!
Shit, shit, shit!
Jesus!
Come here!
Hold that!
What the–
What’s going on?
Oh, we got one slug out.
This is insane.
What the hell are we gonna do?
Just you keep your finger
in his ass.
This is way beyond
my wheelhouse.
This is way beyond it!
[ Screaming ]
Just stay–
Gemma? Gemma,
where are you going?
To find Jax and Tara.
No, no, no.
You heard what–
You heard what Clay said.
Family stays put.
You got two choices, Tigger,
tackle me or tag along.
Now, look. I got nothing
but adoration for you.
Why you gotta give me
such a hard time for?
It’s my nature. I’m a giver.
This is why I beat hookers.
Jesus Christ.
You scared the shit out of me.
Where you been?
Sorry.
I got caught up.
You’ve been here?
This whole time?
We’ve been waiting for
those medical supplies, man.
I know.
That’s it. You know?
Someone tries to kill Clay
and you decide it’s a good time
to get laid?
It’s not like that, Mom.
If you want to resurrect
old trauma with this bitch,
you do it on
your own goddamn time.
She’s not there.
Don’t go looking
for her, either.
Mom!
Leave her alone.
Don’t ever forget
your first priority.
I didn’t.
Take your foot
off my bike.
[ Man ]
♪ Riding through this world ♪
♪ All alone ♪
♪ God takes your soul ♪
♪ You’re on your own ♪
♪ The crow flies straight ♪
♪ A perfect line ♪
♪ On the devil’s bed ♪
♪ Until you die ♪
♪ Gotta look this life ♪
♪ In the eye ♪♪
Right. See what happens.
It wasn’t Sam Crow. It was
Mayan filth killed my guy.
We have your statement.
We’ll look into
your accusation.
Accusation?
Arrogant piece of shit!
Hey!
What the hell?
Get that asshole off me!
Get up!
You okay?
The shithead
caught me off guard.
Put him in holding.
Oh, yeah.
That’s right.
Arrest the white guy. Let
the wetbacks and coons shoot up
whoever they want to shoot up.
Oh, hey.
You do know that I’m married
to a dark-skinned woman, right?
Yeah, I know that.
Let’s go.
Just making sure.
How you feeling?
What the hell’s going on?
There were some,
uh, complications?
- Where’s the Scotsman at?
- Oh, he’s gonna be right back.
- Where the hell’s your hand?
- It’s, uh–
[ Screams ]
Oh, okay. Um–
Well, my finger is, uh,
plugging up
one of your bullet holes.
You got your finger
jammed up my ass?
No. No.
Well, technically,
yes, okay.
But my finger’s
not jammed up your ass.
’Cause, you know,
that would be gay.
It’s kind of jammed
in your ass,
which, I guess,
is still kinda gay.
Jesus!
But I’m not gay.
- Am I gonna die or not?
- No. I don’t think so.
Oh! Oh, Scotsman.
I need you guys
to do me a favor.
Brenan Hefner,
port commissioner,
he’s gotta be dealt with.
There’s plenty
of time for that.
No!
It’s gotta happen
before Monday.
He’s gonna sic port dogs
on our shipment.
You gotta take him out.
You promise me that.
Hey, don’t worry.
I promise you.
It’ll get done. I swear.
Have a drown.
There you go.
Take him out?
That means, like, kill him?
No. I think what it means is
dinner and a movie.
Jackie boy,
where have you been?
I’m here now.
The bullet in this guy’s ass
has hit a major femoral artery.
He needs a doctor,
and he needs it now.
All right.
- Where’s Clay?
- Unser took him in
for questioning.
The Mayans tried to
hit Darby too.
Holy shit.
Look, the other charters
are on their way, all right?
Clay wants to bounce out this
Mayan problem with them before
we decide on any retaliation.
Okay. Makes sense.
Let me know
if anything breaks.
Where are you going?
To find a doctor.
Don’t ride alone.
Yeah.
I’ll go with him.
[ Door Opens ]
[ Donna ]
I’ve been calling you.
Oh, shit.
[ Door Closes ]
What the hell
is going on, Ope?
Something came up.
Clay needed me.
The mill called.
McCain says if you’re not there
to pick up the second shift,
your ass is canned.
I’ll deal with it.
Deal with it how?
You’re not there,
you’re out of work.
We got something
going here, Donna.
You lying piece of shit.
Your promises were just smoke,
weren’t they?
No. I never lied to you.
I said I’d find a way
to earn straight.
They’re gonna fire you.
The club more important than
taking care of me and the kids?
No. It’s more important than
spitting sawdust 10 hours a day.
I’ll figure it out.
I’m not gonna
live this way anymore.
I’m done with this shit.
[ Clears Throat ]
[ Door Closes ]
[ Engine Starts ]
Look, man, I’m fine.
You should go after her.
I can’t keep doing this.
Half our goddamn fights
are about money.
And I can’t get ahead
without the club.
I need back in.
Guns, protection runs,
all of it.
But you still gotta talk
to Donna. You gotta–
I’m done talking.
I want back in, Jax.
I’ll talk to Clay
when I see him.
I didn’t see this coming.
Us and the Mexicans,
it’s been kinda quiet.
I’m not an idiot.
I know it was the Mayans torched
your warehouse last month.
Yeah.
But coming after me?
And Herr Darby?
That’s a new kind of boldness.
Me and you, whatever
the hell this is now,
always had one thing
that we played out together.
Keeping blood and greed
away from our front door.
Well, we’ve done that.
Until now.
And my fear is,
knowing the amount of pride
stuffed into that cut,
it will not end here.
Don’t get involved in my end
game, okay, old friend?
I’m not an old friend,
remember?
I’m an old cop.
And this old cop is telling you
the tit for tat can’t go on.
Fine.
We done tittin’
and tattin’?
[ Scoffs ]
You take out that Mayan boss...
and you will trip a wire
that sends this town
into the history books.
The bad guys will leave
the ghetto and bring
their filthy game to Charming.
And next time
it won’t be a few of Darby’s
scumbags who go down.
It’ll be one of your guys.
Or Floyd. Or some kid
or something.
See where I’m going with this?
Deal always was
outlaws live in Charming,
shit beyond the borders.
You can’t change the rules
or it all goes to hell.
And that, my old friend,
is exactly what Captain America
out there wants.
Hell to break out in Charming,
followed by all the things
that put the devil in place.
It’s for my cancer.
I got a card.
[ Motorcycles Approaching ]
What the hell is this?
Little family reunion.
Holy shit.
Did you hear anything
that I just–
Enough. Enough. All right?
Your goddamn angst
is giving me cancer.
I heard your plea,
loud and clear.
[ Sighs ]
There’s only one thing
that’s gonna make this work.
Have your sheriffs
pick up Marcus Alvarez,
bring him here.
Oh, sure!
Should I dress him
in a lamb suit?
Listen to me. Bring in Alvarez,
I talk to him. I talk to Darby.
We figure it out.
[ Sighs ]
Hey.
An hour from now, there’s gonna
be a dozen guys sitting around
a redwood table planning a kill.
If I were you,
I would take my request...
and put it at the top
of that old cop to-do list.
- How’s he doing?
- Good. Strong-willed
little guy.
Thought you were gonna
take a personal day.
[ Sighs ]
I tried to. I had to get
out of there, you know?
It’s a light day.
You okay?
I don’t know.
What–
[ Clears Throat ]
What’d you do with him?
It’s done.
What did we do?
When Kohn showed up in Charming,
he knew this could only end
one of two ways.
Either him dead
or you dead.
It ended the right way.
[ Scoffs ]
Maybe I came back here
knowing the same thing.
And this was the only place
I felt safe.
It was survival.
You did what you had to do.
Is that how this works?
You make up your own moral code
for everything?
I never killed anyone
like this before, Tara.
I don’t know what the code is.
I’m sorry.
I’ve been waking up every day
since he was born
with a sick feeling.
Wondering who
was gonna die today.
And it scares
the shit out of me.
And then I woke up this morning
and it was gone.
I think that scares me more.
Hey.
You’re in shock.
I don’t think anything
could shock me anymore.
What do you
want me to do?
How can I help you?
Don’t go anywhere.
I’m not.
I need you to come
to the clubhouse with me.
Those medical supplies I needed?
Bullet wounds.
The guy’s got a bad infection.
We’re gonna lose him.
I’ll borrow some things.
What happened with you
and the Mayans?
I know you and Alvarez
made a deal in Chino.
What went south?
That spick name
don’t ring a bell.
[ Sighs ]
Ring a bell now?
We can keep going
cage fight if you want.
How many punches
you got left in that hand?
Okay. Okay, stupid question.
I gave up the 20
on your gun warehouse.
Mayans were supposed to provide
muscle for my crank push
into Charming.
Alvarez double-crossed you.
And I’m gonna slit that
wetback’s throat ear to ear.
No, you’re not.
Neither am I.
What the hell
you talking about?
Hey. The murder rate
tripled in my town
last night.
If we kill King Beaner,
Charming becomes a war zone.
So, what?
We sit back
and do nothing?
No. We do something.
And it’ll be satisfying.
But Sam Crow handles
the retaliation.
You got it?
Oh, my God.
[ Gemma ]
Took two slugs. Got one.
Little Dutch boy’s keeping the–
the blood dike from bursting.
Here’s some vancomycin.
This’ll kill anything.
Give him two now and then
one every four hours.
Hey. Hey, you gotta wake up.
Wake up. Here.
Come on, wake up.
[ Groans ]
Oh, what’s going on?
Here. Take these.
Doc’s here.
She’s gonna fix you up.
Here you go.
[ Sighs ]
How’s it look?
It looks like you got shot.
The doctor is a friend
of the club.
You’re in good hands.
[ Screams ]
Oh, no.
Are you Irish, Doc?
Half.
Oh. The half
that’s the doctor?
I’m not sure.
You should find that out.
It’s good to know.
Me?
Oh. Where should I put it?
- Careful.
- I’m gonna have, um–
Juice.
Juice pull
his finger out.
I want you to stuff that gauze
into the wound, then I’m gonna
close it off with this clamp.
Sure you know
what you’re doing?
Guess we’ll find out.
You ready?
One, two, three.
[ Juice ]
Holy shit.
Great job, Doc.
Can I go and wash my hands
and stuff?
Y-Yeah.
Hey, you did–
you did great, Juice.
You helped–
You helped save his life.
- Thanks.
- Mm-hmm.
[ Door Closes ]
That was very sweet.
No, I mean it.
That guy’s not used to
good feedback.
Okay, I’m a little
out of my element here.
I’m not quite sure
how all this works.
For now,
you keep him alive.
Beyond that...
I got no idea how this works.
What the hell is this?
Sheriff said I was being
brought in for questioning.
[ Lock Locking ]
[ Clay ]
I’m sitting here...
trying to think how killing me
and the dirty white boy...
is a smart move
for you guys.
There’s gotta be a piece
of the puzzle I ain’t seeing.
Or maybe you’re
just really stupid.
Which, looking at how
you botched both hits,
is a theory ain’t
too far-fetched.
You got something
you want to do here?
Let’s get to it, man.
You mean like–
like shiv ya?
Make you suck my dick?
That’s a little obvious,
don’t you think?
Nah.
You and me, Marky, we’re gonna
have our own little M.C. summit.
Oh, yeah?
We’re just gonna figure
it all out, are we?
I don’t know, man.
Mayans and Sons, that’s
some real Arab-Jew shit.
We got a little history.
But why don’t we talk
about the present?
Now–
[ Sighs ]
You guys need guns, right?
Half-ass gats you’re buying
off the street barely scare
the clerks at the 7-Eleven.
We arm up just fine, ese.
Bullshit. You’re packing toys.
You need real guns.
I need real money.
Maybe it’s time for me to...
expand my customer base.
Sounds smart.
What I really need is that
nigger’s heroin trade.
Can’t take it if their guns
are bigger than mine.
I said expand,
not exchange.
I’m still gonna sell
to the Niners.
If you guys want to play
Operation Ghetto Storm,
knock yourselves out.
What I’m offering you
is the same hardware
at the same price.
And what’s your end?
Peace of mind.
Charters up north,
they settle all their beefs
with the S.O.A.
And I don’t care
what it costs you.
It all ends up
in our favor.
And Nevada?
Your charters leave my new crew
in Indian Hills alone.
And the first bullet...
out of one of my guns
that hits a Son or friend of,
ends the arrangement,
followed by a hell
you don’t even want to know.
- What about A.T.F.?
- Nonissue.
Yeah, they know about
your Irish gun hookup, ese.
Ship from Dungloe,
oil drums.
Got intel on all of it.
And that puzzle piece
you couldn’t see,
some A.T.F. agent you guys
pissed off sent Darby a file.
Gave him all the info
on your gun business.
Let me guess,
Darby used it as currency.
The guns for my hit.
I hate that white boy.
Let my emotions
get the better of me.
The hits– bad planning,
sloppy work.
I guess God had a bigger plan.
I mean, here we are
talking about peace.
Ain’t no peace yet.
Don’t forget
you tried to end me.
That doesn’t go unanswered.
Salt Lake to Tacoma,
my crew’s gonna want
your head on a stick.
I got a compromise
I think will satisfy
everyone.
[ John Teller’s Voice ]
I never made a conscious
decision to have the club...
become one thing or another.
It just happened before my eyes.
Each savage event
was a catalyst for the next.
And by the time the violence
reached epic proportion,
I couldn’t see it.
Blood was every color.
[ Knocking ]
[ Juice ] Hey, Jax.
Doc’s looking for you.
Okay.
One, two, three, up!
[ Groans ]
You got it?
Yeah, I got it.
How you doing?
Taking it.
We got you.
It’s okay.
You’ll be all right.
How is he?
I got the slugs out
and stopped the bleeding.
If the penicillin
kills the infection,
he should make it.
How was she?
[ Sighs ]
Can’t stop that bleeding.
She still wants me dead.
You know that, right?
I’ll handle my mother.
What happened last night
can never happen again.
I hear that.
Not just someone
trying to off me.
But bodies dropping
in Charming ’cause of us.
We had nothing to do
with the hit on the Nords.
[ Clay ]
Mayans went after me
and Darby, all right?
Different targets, same war.
[ Man ]
Mm-hmm.
If we fire back,
we can’t stop the blowback
from hitting home.
[ Chattering ]
[ Man ]
Yeah.
I sat down with Alvarez.
[ Man ]
What?
- You’re kidding me?
- Whoa.
- What, just the two of you?
- Where?
Unser’s cage.
We, uh–
We discussed
our outstanding issues...
and made a deal.
- What kind of deal?
- We sell them guns.
They settle all their beefs
with all of us.
Any territory hassles,
any business disputes,
it all lands in our favor.
- You made that call
without a vote?
- [ Man ] Yeah.
I set it up.
We vote on it now.
If this thing passes,
you all sit down with the Mayans
in your own territories,
you work stuff out.
- Take the win.
- What about Laroy
and the Niners?
We’ve had a deal with them
for years, that we don’t
sell to the wetbacks.
Juice, Laroy don’t got
no loyalty to us.
He’s been buying
from other dealers,
he reneged on the A.K. sale.
Ain’t no reason at all
we can’t branch out.
The peace we make with
the Mayans could start something
a lot worse with the Niners.
We’ll deal with that fire
when it catches.
[ Tig ]
You know, these assholes
tried to kill you, man.
We’re supposed to just
pretend that didn’t happen?
No.
No. That debt gets settled.
But not by us.
It’s gotta be some
outside charter.
You up for it, Hap?
I’ll do this thing.
It’ll be perfect.
Of that
I have no doubt.
- [ Man ] Mm-hmm.
- Everybody in favor
of the Mayan deal–
Anybody opposed?
[ Cheering, Whistling ]
♪♪ [ Rock ]
Cameron was supposed to kill
that piece of shit Hefner
before Monday.
Hefner’s squeezing the Irish
for more payoff cash, so he’s
gonna intercept the cargo.
How is that our problem?
[ Chibs ]
It ain’t a problem.
It’s a gift from the Irishman.
Look. We take out
the port commissioner,
he’s gonna give us back the 200K
that we just forked over,
plus a month of free guns.
Our warehouse
rebuild is crushing us.
It’s the cost of raw materials.
Free guns and cash?
We could be seeing black
before we put a roof on.
Murder for hire?
That’s a dirty business.
[ Piney ]
It’s not about money.
That asshole killed McKeevy.
Michael was a friend of mine,
and yours, and your dad’s.
And he went back
a long way with Sam Crow.
What do you think, V.P.?
I agree with Piney.
McKeevy was a friend.
I think we owe it
to the Irish.
How is Cameron gonna do it?
Hefner’s got a Sunday ritual.
Church with the fat wife,
sex with the black girlfriend.
She lives in a shitty hood
right outside his nice
Oakland suburb.
[ Chibs ]
And that’s where
we take him out.
Black on white hate crime?
Who gives a shit?
- Who does it?
- I do.
Been awhile since you
suited up, brother.
- I’ll do it.
- I can do this.
Get Cameron to
confirm the payoff.
Jax, Ope, Bobby,
no mistakes.
All right.
I want Ope pulling
the trigger on this.
I want to make sure
he’s really back.
I think we all do.
[ Chuckles ]
That’s a good look for you.
Mmm. You think?
Are we crazy?
I’ll answer that later.
You look like shit, man.
Donna took the kids to
her mom’s. I can never sleep
when the house is empty.
This gig doesn’t make
sense for you, Ope.
Why do you keep trying to
push me off this?
You’re the one who keeps saying
I can’t live half in/half out.
’Cause you need it
too much.
It becomes about money,
then shit gets sloppy.
This is not about money.
I’m doing this
the same reason you are.
To prove I’m Sam Crow.
I got nothing to prove.
That’s not what I hear.
Look, I’m ready
for this, brother.
Let’s just get it done.
[ Engine Idling ]
Fine.
♪♪ [ Jukebox: Country ]
[ Man Coughs ]
[ Gemma ]
Good morning.
Thanks for saving
the Irishman.
He’d be dead
if it wasn’t for you.
You’re welcome.
Can I ask you
a question?
I’m tired.
I’m not really up for a fight.
Oh, not a fight.
I’m just trying to
figure out what’s going on.
You and Jax are
obviously reconnected.
Honestly?
I don’t know what we are.
That’s what concerns me.
You’re clearly not
one of them.
[ Tara ]
I’m glad that’s clear.
So what happens next?
I don’t know.
You become his old lady?
What does that look like?
Operating on kids
during the day,
patching up bullet wounds
at night?
Okay, I get it.
I know you hate me.
But this isn’t me
being some overbearing bitch.
This is someone
telling you the truth.
You and Jax
is a bad idea.
And someone better
start thinking clearly
before both of you get hurt.
Well, it wouldn’t be
my first bad idea. Seems
to follow me wherever I go.
You know,
you are smarter...
and more strong-willed...
[ Sighs ]
than anyone I’ve ever met.
You need to shine some of that
on this thing with Jax.
He’s not smart enough
right now to do what’s right.
You have to be the one
to break this off.
Save both of you
from something bad.
That is his gray Mercedes
in the garage.
Which apartment?
Unit nine.
It’s the top floor,
third from the right.
Cameras cover the garage.
Should do this
on the upper level.
If this guy’s got half a brain,
he’s gonna be cautious
and armed.
Anyone walks into this,
has an eye line, we abort.
No risks.
Ope, you take
the front steps.
I’ll take the back.
You stay
in case he gets by.
No. Ope.
I’m gonna take the front.
It’s the way
Clay wanted it.
It’s about Ope
jumping back in.
Yeah, I know.
All right. Watch him.
All right, I got your back
in case he gets by you.
The second this goes down,
I’m in the car, motor running.
Okay.
♪♪ [ "Fortunate Son" ]
Hey, relax, huh?
Shit happens, man.
Yeah, I know.
I’m sorry, Pop.
Because of your mistake,
I had to sit down with Sam Crow.
Made a deal with him, man.
He’s gonna start
selling us guns.
That’s good, man.
That happened because of you,
okay? It’s okay, man.
Let’s go get a churro.
Catch you up on
what we gotta do.
♪♪ [ Acoustic Continues ]
- Shit.
Hey.
I love you, mi hijo.
♪♪ [ Continues ]
[ Chattering ]
[ Whirring ]
♪♪ [ Continues ]
♪♪ [ Ends ]